what I'm really blessed
DJ Tony East kill it on the beat keep
your fists in the air no rules no fair
so many people gotta roll this you take
over mixx they don't care they kill off
the witnesses survival of the fittest
they want to get us lunch truck so we
can't fight the revolution pop in the
trunk keep your rubbish more attention
to you they got no direction they want
to kill each other off population
control taking your soul the Devils are
so cold check out the gangs in blue they
coming for you are they coming for you
watch out for the gangs and blue they're
coming for you the greedy cops pigs eat
slop they harass everybody on the Block
then we have to go punching a time clock
get treated like livestock then they'd
be like fucking give up coca rock keep
the whole nation full of junkies but no
fiday bangs it's dangerous living in the
streets trying to make ends meet two
jobs always on your fucking feet and
your what teaspoon too hot I saw some
loss with a crown scorching cops look
around four bases on
posters wanted by the law for something
that wasn't called for in love with the
struggle the struggle fell in love with
me at the same seats as the ones who
came before me to drive the new breed
your heart is skipper tend to be rainy
these wolves come to eat blanket in the
newest street we steamed rice for summer
heat young killers or I'll freeze rookie
cop walk the beat scared to death to be
young black guys fit while hunger pain
and grief I see him brighter than the
whitest teeth money green funny fees I
have you eaten for a bit of change with
no shame road stems out to change so
bony off that shit the only got one
cheek with a dimple that resemble
depressing still alive by your blessing
broke as fuck without stressing love
your life shit I guess that's the lesson
kick out the gangs and blue they're
coming for you they're coming for you if
you'll kick out the jams and flu they're
coming for you they come if we do kick
out the gangs and boom they're coming
for you they're coming for you kick out
the gangs and blue they're coming for
you to come if you
time I turn around its cops arresting
this man running opponent's name is
going at me I trying to try and live in
San Nicki one up on us like that man you
gotta keep your eyes wide strive to
provide state judy your circle and never
switch side she would grow next man with
like that nigga inside so go like poker
surgical with the poker flow throws
light bulb Robert toasters stand your
place like closeness and Quebec wrap
Olympics niggas get smacked senseless he
had good intentions but I bear no
witness when I'm in the danger zone
stand down the barrel then I'm flaming
on where you were my city make sure that
your tenure song I watching soldiers
like Miss or like pissing away I'm on a
mission and in and I'm destined to win
it's the hostile takeover I need a range
rover a life break they get bringing the
soldiers and still keeping kosher mad
cuz I wear your pop in the keister fresh
to death like Easter mango and pineapple
reefer the streets was the tea training
nigga that raised me my childhood so
hazy I'm a 80 baby I saw baby in the
hip-hop junkie so that trans gonna
muesli still fucking with the usual
suspect these rap niggas and suspect
they starting to act like divas path
towards why'd she move like a 911
porsche so y'all my lane of little force
of its runaway train there will be no
survivors rap suicide bomber for the
most likely
cut from a different cloth raised by
different breed trying to bring these
lame niggas up the steam who better than
JP I don't know maybe his brother and
muck dropper I'll make go lover and me
I'm just something else we do a footer
oh and can't wait for the world
everything we drop statuses top shelf
guaranteed to make your speakers melt
the rap game in the help and we to say
Mr Justice League
you